Release 2.5.5 (#6637)
vuestorefront/vue-storefront: packages/core/docs/reference/changelog.md

# Changelog

## 2.5.5

> - Fix for disabling cookie generation on server side with `autoChangeCookie` option disabled ([6623]()) - [Alef Barbeli](https://github.com/alefbarbeli)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix for disabling cookie generation on server side with `autoChangeCookie` option disabled ([6633](https://github.com/vuestorefront/vue-storefront/pull/6633)) - [Alef Barbeli](https://github.com/alefbarbeli)
```
